# Digital Signature

Digital signatures rely on a public and private key infrastructure. Such signatures are used to verify that a particular person sent the message. The signature can only be generated by the user's private key, and the signature can be verified by the user's public key. Supposing we are using RSA, the user will hash their message, and then use their private key to encrypt the hashed message. The user will then send their original message and the respective digital signature. The receiver will use the sender's public key to decrypt the digital signature. The result of this decryption is the hashed message. The user can then hash the original message and compare it to the decryption result. If they are different, then the message has been tampered with or the sender is not who they say they are, and if they are the same, then the message has (likely) not been tampered with and the sender is who they say they are.

# MAC

MAC relies on two people to share a shared secret key. The sender will apply a cryptographic algorithm (like a hashing function) on the key and the original message. The resulting hashed output and the original message are sent out. Then, the receiver will apply the same cryptographic algorith on the key and original message to generate a hashed output. The receiver will then compare their hashed output with the sender's hashed output. If they are the same, then the message has not been tampered with. If they are different, then the message has been tampered with. 

# Difference between MAC and Digital Signature

The answer is 4) While a digital signature can be verified using the public key of the signer, message authentication codes can only be verified through the secret key that was used to generate them.

The reasoning for the answer is laid out in my definitions of digital signatures and MACs above.